this you born Paul get that the
wicked person team fell apart
for a little bit but now we're
running on all cylinders we had
a great week last week we had a
really good time we caught two
fish through time on the past we
made 16 Grand feel good catches
could put a straightener lean
can I get a reality and reality
and you know goes a long way
Harry comes just reeked of my
goal this week is to get ahead
and dot com it would show us as
a team
good we are together
coming up for it coming on it
they'll love you Dave Palone
gotta come for your man at the
sooner had been on the rise very
upset fish is what it is there's
a huge gap is a tool know so you
get ready Brad
orgasm did Bragg Adam this is a
good band in its a big fast and
five hundred-pound right gap is
ready for that ride down there
is a certain around here guns
here comes along that is big may
end up taking one of my hopes
with them and in the end of the
day that hooks going to dissolve
the fall right out of his mouth
but get rebate let's get back
down and start diggin welcome to
tone efficient